{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red183\green192\blue207;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c76589\c79732\c84735;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww51000\viewh25480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CHAPTER I.\uc0\u8232 I GO TO STYLES\
The intense interest aroused in the public by what was known at the time as \'93The Styles Case\'94 has now somewhat subsided. Nevertheless, in view of the world-wide notoriety which attended it, I have been asked, both by my friend Poirot and the family themselves, to write an account of the whole story. This, we trust, will effectually silence the sensational rumours which still persist.\
I will therefore briefly set down the circumstances which led to my being connected with the affair.\
I had been invalided home from the Front; and, after spending some months in a rather depressing Convalescent Home, was given a month\'92s sick leave. Having no near relations or friends, I was trying to make up my mind what to do, when I ran across John Cavendish. I had seen very little of him for some years. Indeed, I had never known him particularly well. He was a good fifteen years my senior, for one thing, though he hardly looked his forty-five years. As a boy, though, I had often stayed at Styles, his mother\'92s place in Essex.\
We had a good yarn about old times, and it ended in his inviting me down to Styles to spend my leave there.\
\'93The mater will be delighted to see you again\'97after all those years,\'94 he added.\
\'93Your mother keeps well?\'94 I asked.\
\'93Oh, yes. I suppose you know that she has married again?\'94\
I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly. Mrs. Cavendish, who had married John\'92s father when he was a widower with two sons, had been a handsome woman of middle-age as I remembered her. She certainly could not be a day less than seventy now. I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety, with a fondness for opening bazaars and playing the Lady Bountiful. She was a most generous woman, and possessed a considerable fortune of her own.\
Their country-place, Styles Court, had been purchased by Mr. Cavendish early in their married life. He had been completely under his wife\'92s ascendancy, so much so that, on dying, he left the place to her for her lifetime, as well as the larger part of his income; an arrangement that was distinctly unfair to his two sons. Their step-mother, however, had always been most generous to them; indeed, they were so young at the time of their father\'92s remarriage that they always thought of her as their own mother.\
Lawrence, the younger, had been a delicate youth. He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though his verses never had any marked success.\
John practised for some time as a barrister, but had finally settled down to the more congenial life of a country squire. He had married two years ago, and had taken his wife to live at Styles, though I entertained a shrewd suspicion that he would have preferred his mother to increase his allowance, which would have enabled him to have a home of his own. Mrs. Cavendish, however, was a lady who liked to make her own plans, and expected other people to fall in with them, and in this case she certainly had the whip hand, namely: the purse strings.\
John noticed my surprise at the news of his mother\'92s remarriage and smiled rather ruefully.\
\'93Rotten little bounder too!\'94 he said savagely. \'93I can tell you, Hastings, it\'92s making life jolly difficult for us. As for Evie\'97you remember Evie?\'94\
\'93No.\'94\
\'93Oh, I suppose she was after your time. She\'92s the mater\'92s factotum, companion, Jack of all trades! A great sport\'97old Evie! Not precisely young and beautiful, but as game as they make them.\'94\
\'93You were going to say\'97\'97?\'94\
\'93Oh, this fellow! He turned up from nowhere, on the pretext of being a second cousin or something of Evie\'92s, though she didn\'92t seem particularly keen to acknowledge the relationship. The fellow is an absolute outsider, anyone can see that. He\'92s got a great black beard, and wears patent leather boots in all weathers! But the mater cottoned to him at once, took him on as secretary\'97you know how she\'92s always running a hundred societies?\'94\
I nodded.\
\'93Well, of course the war has turned the hundreds into thousands. No doubt the fellow was very useful to her. But you could have knocked us all down with a feather when, three months ago, she suddenly announced that she and Alfred were engaged! The fellow must be at least twenty years younger than she is! It\'92s simply bare-faced fortune hunting; but there you are\'97she is her own mistress, and she\'92s married him.\'94\
\'93It must be a difficult situation for you all.\'94\
\'93Difficult! It\'92s damnable!\'94\
Thus it came about that, three days later, I descended from the train at Styles St. Mary, an absurd little station, with no apparent reason for existence, perched up in the midst of green fields and country lanes. John Cavendish was waiting on the platform, and piloted me out to the car.\
\'93Got a drop or two of petrol still, you see,\'94 he remarked. \'93Mainly owing to the mater\'92s activities.\'94\
The village of Styles St. Mary was situated about two miles from the little station, and Styles Court lay a mile the other side of it. It was a still, warm day in early July. As one looked out over the flat Essex country, lying so green and peaceful under the afternoon sun, it seemed almost impossible to believe that, not so very far away, a great war was running its appointed course. I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world. As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said:\
\'93I\'92m afraid you\'92ll find it very quiet down here, Hastings.\'94\
\'93My dear fellow, that\'92s just what I want.\'94\
\'93Oh, it\'92s pleasant enough if you want to lead the idle life. I drill with the volunteers twice a week, and lend a hand at the farms. My wife works regularly \'91on the land\'92. She is up at five every morning to milk, and keeps at it steadily until lunchtime. It\'92s a jolly good life taking it all round\'97if it weren\'92t for that fellow Alfred Inglethorp!\'94 He checked the car suddenly, and glanced at his watch. \'93I wonder if we\'92ve time to pick up Cynthia. No, she\'92ll have started from the hospital by now.\'94\
\'93Cynthia! That\'92s not your wife?\'94\
\'93No, Cynthia is a prot\'e9g\'e9e of my mother\'92s, the daughter of an old schoolfellow of hers, who married a rascally solicitor. He came a cropper, and the girl was left an orphan and penniless. My mother came to the rescue, and Cynthia has been with us nearly two years now. She works in the Red Cross Hospital at Tadminster, seven miles away.\'94\
As he spoke the last words, we drew up in front of the fine old house. A lady in a stout tweed skirt, who was bending over a flower bed, straightened herself at our approach.\
\'93Hullo, Evie, here\'92s our wounded hero! Mr. Hastings\'97Miss Howard.\'94\
Miss Howard shook hands with a hearty, almost painful, grip. I had an impression of very blue eyes in a sunburnt face. She was a pleasant-looking woman of about forty, with a deep voice, almost manly in its stentorian tones, and had a large sensible square body, with feet to match\'97these last encased in good thick boots. Her conversation, I soon found, was couched in the telegraphic style.\
\'93Weeds grow like house afire. Can\'92t keep even with \'92em. Shall press you in. Better be careful.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sure I shall be only too delighted to make myself useful,\'94 I responded.\
\'93Don\'92t say it. Never does. Wish you hadn\'92t later.\'94\
\'93You\'92re a cynic, Evie,\'94 said John, laughing. \'93Where\'92s tea to-day\'97inside or out?\'94\
\'93Out. Too fine a day to be cooped up in the house.\'94\
\'93Come on then, you\'92ve done enough gardening for to-day. \'91The labourer is worthy of his hire\'92, you know. Come and be refreshed.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Miss Howard, drawing off her gardening gloves, \'93I\'92m inclined to agree with you.\'94\
She led the way round the house to where tea was spread under the shade of a large sycamore.\
A figure rose from one of the basket chairs, and came a few steps to meet us.\
\'93My wife, Hastings,\'94 said John.\
I shall never forget my first sight of Mary Cavendish. Her tall, slender form, outlined against the bright light; the vivid sense of slumbering fire that seemed to find expression only in those wonderful tawny eyes of hers, remarkable eyes, different from any other woman\'92s that I have ever known; the intense power of stillness she possessed, which nevertheless conveyed the impression of a wild untamed spirit in an exquisitely civilised body\'97all these things are burnt into my memory. I shall never forget them.\
She greeted me with a few words of pleasant welcome in a low clear voice, and I sank into a basket chair feeling distinctly glad that I had accepted John\'92s invitation. Mrs. Cavendish gave me some tea, and her few quiet remarks heightened my first impression of her as a thoroughly fascinating woman. An appreciative listener is always stimulating, and I described, in a humorous manner, certain incidents of my Convalescent Home, in a way which, I flatter myself, greatly amused my hostess. John, of course, good fellow though he is, could hardly be called a brilliant conversationalist.\
At that moment a well remembered voice floated through the open French window near at hand:\
\'93Then you\'92ll write to the Princess after tea, Alfred? I\'92ll write to Lady Tadminster for the second day, myself. Or shall we wait until we hear from the Princess? In case of a refusal, Lady Tadminster might open it the first day, and Mrs. Crosbie the second. Then there\'92s the Duchess\'97about the school f\'eate.\'94\
There was the murmur of a man\'92s voice, and then Mrs. Inglethorp\'92s rose in reply:\
\'93Yes, certainly. After tea will do quite well. You are so thoughtful, Alfred dear.\'94\
The French window swung open a little wider, and a handsome white-haired old lady, with a somewhat masterful cast of features, stepped out of it on to the lawn. A man followed her, a suggestion of deference in his manner.\
Mrs. Inglethorp greeted me with effusion.\
\'93Why, if it isn\'92t too delightful to see you again, Mr. Hastings, after all these years. Alfred, darling, Mr. Hastings\'97my husband.\'94\
I looked with some curiosity at \'93Alfred darling\'94. He certainly struck a rather alien note. I did not wonder at John objecting to his beard. It was one of the longest and blackest I have ever seen. He wore gold-rimmed pince-nez, and had a curious impassivity of feature. It struck me that he might look natural on a stage, but was strangely out of place in real life. His voice was rather deep and unctuous. He placed a wooden hand in mine and said:\
\'93This is a pleasure, Mr. Hastings.\'94 Then, turning to his wife: \'93Emily dearest, I think that cushion is a little damp.\'94\
She beamed fondly on him, as he substituted another with every demonstration of the tenderest care. Strange infatuation of an otherwise sensible woman!\
With the presence of Mr. Inglethorp, a sense of constraint and veiled hostility seemed to settle down upon the company. Miss Howard, in particular, took no pains to conceal her feelings. Mrs. Inglethorp, however, seemed to notice nothing unusual. Her volubility, which I remembered of old, had lost nothing in the intervening years, and she poured out a steady flood of conversation, mainly on the subject of the forthcoming bazaar which she was organizing and which was to take place shortly. Occasionally she referred to her husband over a question of days or dates. His watchful and attentive manner never varied. From the very first I took a firm and rooted dislike to him, and I flatter myself that my first judgments are usually fairly shrewd.\
Presently Mrs. Inglethorp turned to give some instructions about letters to Evelyn Howard, and her husband addressed me in his painstaking voice:\
\'93Is soldiering your regular profession, Mr. Hastings?\'94\
\'93No, before the war I was in Lloyd\'92s.\'94\
\'93And you will return there after it is over?\'94\
\'93Perhaps. Either that or a fresh start altogether.\'94\
Mary Cavendish leant forward.\
\'93What would you really choose as a profession, if you could just consult your inclination?\'94\
\'93Well, that depends.\'94\
\'93No secret hobby?\'94 she asked. \'93Tell me\'97you\'92re drawn to something? Everyone is\'97usually something absurd.\'94\
\'93You\'92ll laugh at me.\'94\
She smiled.\
\'93Perhaps.\'94\
\'93Well, I\'92ve always had a secret hankering to be a detective!\'94\
\'93The real thing\'97Scotland Yard? Or Sherlock Holmes?\'94\
\'93Oh, Sherlock Holmes by all means. But really, seriously, I am awfully drawn to it. I came across a man in Belgium once, a very famous detective, and he quite inflamed me. He was a marvellous little fellow. He used to say that all good detective work was a mere matter of method. My system is based on his\'97though of course I have progressed rather further. He was a funny little man, a great dandy, but wonderfully clever.\'94\
\'93Like a good detective story myself,\'94 remarked Miss Howard. \'93Lots of nonsense written, though. Criminal discovered in last chapter. Everyone dumbfounded. Real crime\'97you\'92d know at once.\'94\
\'93There have been a great number of undiscovered crimes,\'94 I argued.\
\'93Don\'92t mean the police, but the people that are right in it. The family. You couldn\'92t really hoodwink them. They\'92d know.\'94\
\'93Then,\'94 I said, much amused, \'93you think that if you were mixed up in a crime, say a murder, you\'92d be able to spot the murderer right off?\'94\
\'93Of course I should. Mightn\'92t be able to prove it to a pack of lawyers. But I\'92m certain I\'92d know. I\'92d feel it in my fingertips if he came near me.\'94\
\'93It might be a \'91she\'92,\'94 I suggested.\
\'93Might. But murder\'92s a violent crime. Associate it more with a man.\'94\
\'93Not in a case of poisoning.\'94 Mrs. Cavendish\'92s clear voice startled me. \'93Dr. Bauerstein was saying yesterday that, owing to the general ignorance of the more uncommon poisons among the medical profession, there were probably countless cases of poisoning quite unsuspected.\'94\
\'93Why, Mary, what a gruesome conversation!\'94 cried Mrs. Inglethorp. \'93It makes me feel as if a goose were walking over my grave. Oh, there\'92s Cynthia!\'94\
A young girl in V.A.D. uniform ran lightly across the lawn.\
\'93Why, Cynthia, you are late to-day. This is Mr. Hastings\'97Miss Murdoch.\'94\
Cynthia Murdoch was a fresh-looking young creature, full of life and vigour. She tossed off her little V.A.D. cap, and I admired the great loose waves of her auburn hair, and the smallness and whiteness of the hand she held out to claim her tea. With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty.\
She flung herself down on the ground beside John, and as I handed her a plate of sandwiches she smiled up at me.\
\'93Sit down here on the grass, do. It\'92s ever so much nicer.\'94\
I dropped down obediently.\
\'93You work at Tadminster, don\'92t you, Miss Murdoch?\'94\
She nodded.\
\'93For my sins.\'94\
\'93Do they bully you, then?\'94 I asked, smiling.\
\'93I should like to see them!\'94 cried Cynthia with dignity.\
\'93I have got a cousin who is nursing,\'94 I remarked. \'93And she is terrified of \'91Sisters\'92.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t wonder. Sisters are, you know, Mr. Hastings. They simp-ly are! You\'92ve no idea! But I\'92m not a nurse, thank heaven, I work in the dispensary.\'94\
\'93How many people do you poison?\'94 I asked, smiling.\
Cynthia smiled too.\
\'93Oh, hundreds!\'94 she said.\
\'93Cynthia,\'94 called Mrs. Inglethorp, \'93do you think you could write a few notes for me?\'94\
\'93Certainly, Aunt Emily.\'94\
She jumped up promptly, and something in her manner reminded me that her position was a dependent one, and that Mrs. Inglethorp, kind as she might be in the main, did not allow her to forget it.\
My hostess turned to me.\
\'93John will show you your room. Supper is at half-past seven. We have given up late dinner for some time now. Lady Tadminster, our Member\'92s wife\'97she was the late Lord Abbotsbury\'92s daughter\'97does the same. She agrees with me that one must set an example of economy. We are quite a war household; nothing is wasted here\'97every scrap of waste paper, even, is saved and sent away in sacks.\'94\
I expressed my appreciation, and John took me into the house and up the broad staircase, which forked right and left half-way to different wings of the building. My room was in the left wing, and looked out over the park.\
John left me, and a few minutes later I saw him from my window walking slowly across the grass arm in arm with Cynthia Murdoch. I heard Mrs. Inglethorp call \'93Cynthia\'94 impatiently, and the girl started and ran back to the house. At the same moment, a man stepped out from the shadow of a tree and walked slowly in the same direction. He looked about forty, very dark with a melancholy clean-shaven face. Some violent emotion seemed to be mastering him. He looked up at my window as he passed, and I recognized him, though he had changed much in the fifteen years that had elapsed since we last met. It was John\'92s younger brother, Lawrence Cavendish. I wondered what it was that had brought that singular expression to his face.\
Then I dismissed him from my mind, and returned to the contemplation of my own affairs.\
The evening passed pleasantly enough; and I dreamed that night of that enigmatical woman, Mary Cavendish.\
The next morning dawned bright and sunny, and I was full of the anticipation of a delightful visit.\
I did not see Mrs. Cavendish until lunch-time, when she volunteered to take me for a walk, and we spent a charming afternoon roaming in the woods, returning to the house about five.\
As we entered the large hall, John beckoned us both into the smoking-room. I saw at once by his face that something disturbing had occurred. We followed him in, and he shut the door after us.\
\'93Look here, Mary, there\'92s the deuce of a mess. Evie\'92s had a row with Alfred Inglethorp, and she\'92s off.\'94\
\'93Evie? Off?\'94\
John nodded gloomily.\
\'93Yes; you see she went to the mater, and\'97Oh,\'97here\'92s Evie herself.\'94\
Miss Howard entered. Her lips were set grimly together, and she carried a small suit-case. She looked excited and determined, and slightly on the defensive.\
\'93At any rate,\'94 she burst out, \'93I\'92ve spoken my mind!\'94\
\'93My dear Evelyn,\'94 cried Mrs. Cavendish, \'93this can\'92t be true!\'94\
Miss Howard nodded grimly.\
\'93True enough! Afraid I said some things to Emily she won\'92t forget or forgive in a hurry. Don\'92t mind if they\'92ve only sunk in a bit. Probably water off a duck\'92s back, though. I said right out: \'91You\'92re an old woman, Emily, and there\'92s no fool like an old fool. The man\'92s twenty years younger than you, and don\'92t you fool yourself as to what he married you for. Money! Well, don\'92t let him have too much of it. Farmer Raikes has got a very pretty young wife. Just ask your Alfred how much time he spends over there.\'92 She was very angry. Natural! I went on, \'91I\'92m going to warn you, whether you like it or not. That man would as soon murder you in your bed as look at you. He\'92s a bad lot. You can say what you like to me, but remember what I\'92ve told you. He\'92s a bad lot!\'92\'94\
\'93What did she say?\'94\
Miss Howard made an extremely expressive grimace.\
\'93\'91Darling Alfred\'92\'97\'91dearest Alfred\'92\'97\'91wicked calumnies\'92 \'97\'91wicked lies\'92\'97\'91wicked woman\'92\'97to accuse her \'91dear husband!\'92 The sooner I left her house the better. So I\'92m off.\'94\
\'93But not now?\'94\
\'93This minute!\'94\
For a moment we sat and stared at her. Finally John Cavendish, finding his persuasions of no avail, went off to look up the trains. His wife followed him, murmuring something about persuading Mrs. Inglethorp to think better of it.\
As she left the room, Miss Howard\'92s face changed. She leant towards me eagerly.\
\'93Mr. Hastings, you\'92re honest. I can trust you?\'94\
I was a little startled. She laid her hand on my arm, and sank her voice to a whisper.\
\'93Look after her, Mr. Hastings. My poor Emily. They\'92re a lot of sharks\'97all of them. Oh, I know what I\'92m talking about. There isn\'92t one of them that\'92s not hard up and trying to get money out of her. I\'92ve protected her as much as I could. Now I\'92m out of the way, they\'92ll impose upon her.\'94\
\'93Of course, Miss Howard,\'94 I said, \'93I\'92ll do everything I can, but I\'92m sure you\'92re excited and overwrought.\'94\
She interrupted me by slowly shaking her forefinger.\
\'93Young man, trust me. I\'92ve lived in the world rather longer than you have. All I ask you is to keep your eyes open. You\'92ll see what I mean.\'94\
The throb of the motor came through the open window, and Miss Howard rose and moved to the door. John\'92s voice sounded outside. With her hand on the handle, she turned her head over her shoulder, and beckoned to me.\
\'93Above all, Mr. Hastings, watch that devil\'97her husband!\'94\
There was no time for more. Miss Howard was swallowed up in an eager chorus of protests and good-byes. The Inglethorps did not appear.\
As the motor drove away, Mrs. Cavendish suddenly detached herself from the group, and moved across the drive to the lawn to meet a tall bearded man who had been evidently making for the house. The colour rose in her cheeks as she held out her hand to him.\
\'93Who is that?\'94 I asked sharply, for instinctively I distrusted the man.\
\'93That\'92s Dr. Bauerstein,\'94 said John shortly.\
\'93And who is Dr. Bauerstein?\'94\
\'93He\'92s staying in the village doing a rest cure, after a bad nervous breakdown. He\'92s a London specialist; a very clever man\'97one of the greatest living experts on poisons, I believe.\'94\
\'93And he\'92s a great friend of Mary\'92s,\'94 put in Cynthia, the irrepressible.\
John Cavendish frowned and changed the subject.\
\'93Come for a stroll, Hastings. This has been a most rotten business. She always had a rough tongue, but there is no stauncher friend in England than Evelyn Howard.\'94\
He took the path through the plantation, and we walked down to the village through the woods which bordered one side of the estate.\
As we passed through one of the gates on our way home again, a pretty young woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed and smiled.\
\'93That\'92s a pretty girl,\'94 I remarked appreciatively.\
John\'92s face hardened.\
\'93That is Mrs. Raikes.\'94\
\'93The one that Miss Howard\'97\'97\'94\
\'93Exactly,\'94 said John, with rather unnecessary abruptness.\
I thought of the white-haired old lady in the big house, and that vivid wicked little face that had just smiled into ours, and a vague chill of foreboding crept over me. I brushed it aside.\
\'93Styles is really a glorious old place,\'94 I said to John.\
He nodded rather gloomily.\
\'93Yes, it\'92s a fine property. It\'92ll be mine some day\'97should be mine now by rights, if my father had only made a decent will. And then I shouldn\'92t be so damned hard up as I am now.\'94\
\'93Hard up, are you?\'94\
\'93My dear Hastings, I don\'92t mind telling you that I\'92m at my wits\'92 end for money.\'94\
\'93Couldn\'92t your brother help you?\'94\
\'93Lawrence? He\'92s gone through every penny he ever had, publishing rotten verses in fancy bindings. No, we\'92re an impecunious lot. My mother\'92s always been awfully good to us, I must say. That is, up to now. Since her marriage, of course\'97\'97\'94 he broke off, frowning.\
For the first time I felt that, with Evelyn Howard, something indefinable had gone from the atmosphere. Her presence had spelt security. Now that security was removed\'97and the air seemed rife with suspicion. The sinister face of Dr. Bauerstein recurred to me unpleasantly. A vague suspicion of everyone and everything filled my mind. Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil.\uc0\u8232 CHAPTER II.\u8232 THE 16TH AND 17TH OF JULY\
I had arrived at Styles on the 5th of July. I come now to the events of the 16th and 17th of that month. For the convenience of the reader I will recapitulate the incidents of those days in as exact a manner as possible. They were elicited subsequently at the trial by a process of long and tedious cross-examinations.\
I received a letter from Evelyn Howard a couple of days after her departure, telling me she was working as a nurse at the big hospital in Middlingham, a manufacturing town some fifteen miles away, and begging me to let her know if Mrs. Inglethorp should show any wish to be reconciled.\
The only fly in the ointment of my peaceful days was Mrs. Cavendish\'92s extraordinary, and, for my part, unaccountable preference for the society of Dr. Bauerstein. What she saw in the man I cannot imagine, but she was always asking him up to the house, and often went off for long expeditions with him. I must confess that I was quite unable to see his attraction.\
The 16th of July fell on a Monday. It was a day of turmoil. The famous bazaar had taken place on Saturday, and an entertainment, in connection with the same charity, at which Mrs. Inglethorp was to recite a War poem, was to be held that night. We were all busy during the morning arranging and decorating the Hall in the village where it was to take place. We had a late luncheon and spent the afternoon resting in the garden. I noticed that John\'92s manner was somewhat unusual. He seemed very excited and restless.\
After tea, Mrs. Inglethorp went to lie down to rest before her efforts in the evening and I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis.\
About a quarter to seven, Mrs. Inglethorp called us that we should be late as supper was early that night. We had rather a scramble to get ready in time; and before the meal was over the motor was waiting at the door.\
The entertainment was a great success, Mrs. Inglethorp\'92s recitation receiving tremendous applause. There were also some tableaux in which Cynthia took part. She did not return with us, having been asked to a supper party, and to remain the night with some friends who had been acting with her in the tableaux.\
The following morning, Mrs. Inglethorp stayed in bed to breakfast, as she was rather overtired; but she appeared in her briskest mood about 12.30, and swept Lawrence and myself off to a luncheon party.\
\'93Such a charming invitation from Mrs. Rolleston. Lady Tadminster\'92s sister, you know. The Rollestons came over with the Conqueror\'97one of our oldest families.\'94\
Mary had excused herself on the plea of an engagement with Dr. Bauerstein.\
We had a pleasant luncheon, and as we drove away Lawrence suggested that we should return by Tadminster, which was barely a mile out of our way, and pay a visit to Cynthia in her dispensary. Mrs. Inglethorp replied that this was an excellent idea, but as she had several letters to write she would drop us there, and we could come back with Cynthia in the pony-trap.\
We were detained under suspicion by the hospital porter, until Cynthia appeared to vouch for us, looking very cool and sweet in her long white overall. She took us up to her sanctum, and introduced us to her fellow dispenser, a rather awe-inspiring individual, whom Cynthia cheerily addressed as \'93Nibs.\'94\
\'93What a lot of bottles!\'94 I exclaimed, as my eye travelled round the small room. \'93Do you really know what\'92s in them all?\'94\
\'93Say something original,\'94 groaned Cynthia. \'93Every single person who comes up here says that. We are really thinking of bestowing a prize on the first individual who does not say: \'91What a lot of bottles!\'92 And I know the next thing you\'92re going to say is: \'91How many people have you poisoned?\'92\'94\
I pleaded guilty with a laugh.\
\'93If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison someone by mistake, you wouldn\'92t joke about it. Come on, let\'92s have tea. We\'92ve got all sorts of secret stories in that cupboard. No, Lawrence\'97that\'92s the poison cupboard. The big cupboard\'97that\'92s right.\'94\
We had a very cheery tea, and assisted Cynthia to wash up afterwards. We had just put away the last tea-spoon when a knock came at the door. The countenances of Cynthia and Nibs were suddenly petrified into a stern and forbidding expression.\
\'93Come in,\'94 said Cynthia, in a sharp professional tone.\
A young and rather scared looking nurse appeared with a bottle which she proffered to Nibs, who waved her towards Cynthia with the somewhat enigmatical remark:\
\'93I\'92m not really here to-day.\'94\
Cynthia took the bottle and examined it with the severity of a judge.\
\'93This should have been sent up this morning.\'94\
\'93Sister is very sorry. She forgot.\'94\
\'93Sister should read the rules outside the door.\'94\
I gathered from the little nurse\'92s expression that there was not the least likelihood of her having the hardihood to retail this message to the dreaded \'93Sister\'94.\
\'93So now it can\'92t be done until to-morrow,\'94 finished Cynthia.\
\'93Don\'92t you think you could possibly let us have it to-night?\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Cynthia graciously, \'93we are very busy, but if we have time it shall be done.\'94\
The little nurse withdrew, and Cynthia promptly took a jar from the shelf, refilled the bottle, and placed it on the table outside the door.\
I laughed.\
\
}